hey everyone Anthony here from signal by
Sony a show about everything Sony makes
and I'm here to give you an exclusive
first look at Sony's new internet player
with Google TV Dave from Sony's home
audio and video team is joining me here
in the studio thanks for being here
thanks for having me and tell me what is
what is new about this Google TV product
what is what is different from the
others that we have seen before
well of course this generation box has
the same capabilities as the other
generation so this box allows you the
ability to very easily jump between
searching on the internet or searching
what's on your cable box or whatever you
want to find on the web cool so if we're
familiar with Google TV if we've used
those products before we're going to see
all the same sort of apps and
functionality that we've seen before
absolutely in fact the apps are growing
they have over a thousand apps available
man then the main difference obviously
just looking at it very quickly seems to
be form factor this has been updated
quite a bit yes so this is the new
remote control it's a very simple to use
remote control very similar to a cell
phone in fact when you're on a web
screen you can actually pinch and pull
to any goals or enlarge also it has a
full QWERTY keyboard on the back and it
is backlit so that's nice I mean the
controller that came previously I was
really in love with having been familiar
with like gaming and stuff like that but
I can see how this is a very kind of
simplified and streamlined version of
that absolutely and the cool thing is at
night now you can actually be your
searching now one other cool thing that
we built into it is it's got a multi
positional sensor so who knows what kind
of apps are going to come out that will
allow you to interact with it and have
you guys built some functionality into
the box that takes advantage of that
already the box actually talks to this
through bluetooth okay so it allows you
wirelessly to do whatever you want
remote wise and without having to worry
about keeping line-of-sight and keeping
your eye are straight ahead and so let's
talk about the form factor of this then
sure so this is a very obviously small
box there is no blu-ray player in here
but it does have the HDMI in and out so
you plug your cable box directly into
the back of any
and then this into the TV it has optical
out so if you want good sound quality
you can also has an IR emitter that
plugs right into here and control either
your set-top box your TV or your cable
box so one remote will control just
about everything you've got exactly
also land but also built in is Wi-Fi so
connect it any way you want and also to
a USB s so you have a lot of growth
capabilities built into the box and it
when you're setting this up and it'll
actually ask you if you're connecting it
to a blu-ray player you can actually get
information metadata information from
the blu-ray disc and actually show you
information on the screen cool do you
want to show off some of this new
functionality with the remote sure what
am I am let me go ahead and search for
spider-man new movie that's coming out
soon and show you the different kinds of
things that this unit will pull up so
this is a global search that you're
pulling up on our global search and as
you can see I can pull up any TV and
movie video results cool I can search
from Google and these are sources let's
say Netflix or other online services
that actually may even have the movies
ok so I pull up what I want and then I
can go and search for it and if that's
too too big and I want to see more I can
just make it smaller we go or I can make
it larger
how nice I can go back and let's look at
some of the other services that are
available let's get this movie it's
available for one source ok and then
it's got related stuff down there as
well as well so it makes finding what
you want very seamless very easy that's
nice so if you're a member of four or
five different video services it's going
to pull up everything that you could
potentially watch on exactly I let me
show you the applications that are on
here we do come with quite a lot of
applications and ok AOL and some other
services including Netflix gracyk
unlimited there are thousands of
applications you can put on here and
this is smart enough to know what
applications are on it and can help
search through those applications as
well cool obviously comes with a bunch
of great apps loaded on there already
but what if I wanted to find some more
things that are kind of relevant to
my interests I'm very simple just go
down to the Google Play Store select it
and it'll come up with some
recommendations what would you like to
see what do we got for gaming let's go
to other games okay and here's all a
bunch of different kinds of games a lot
of them afraid and so this is all this
is showing everything from the Android
Market that is going to work on a Google
TV device this is everything that will
work with this device yeah so we've seen
some movies searching we've seen some
game searching of what all the kind of
stuff can we do with this you know we we
talk a lot about movies because it is
connected to your TV and I think people
like to do but it also has some great
capability as far as just lifestyle
searching for example if you like
cooking we can go ahead and just search
for cooking and it will go ahead and
pull up TV shows it'll pull up the web
and that's global that's from everywhere
right that's from everywhere and
remember this box really gives you the
full power of the Internet and then in
terms of like setting it up and getting
all this stuff running with your
services and working how does that work
so it's very simple as you set it up you
go into settings actually when you first
turn it on it'll automatically prompt
you there but we can go right into
settings and it'll talk you through the
different steps how to set up to the
internet how to choose your video source
and everything else and then we'll even
teach you how to program your buttons
including your guide your DVR and your
TV so that you can control multiple
things using this Bluetooth remote which
once again means you don't have to be
aimed right directly at the TV right you
can just go ahead and just be casually
sit back relaxing and surfing the web
well Dave thank you so much for joining
us for more on the Sony Internet player
with Google TV just head to the Sony
website and to watch more signal head to
youtube.com slash signal or Sony comm
slash signal I'm Anthony and we'll see
you next time